README.md, before:

<h1>Coinmarket</h1>

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 coinmarket](#-coinmarket)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [Walkthrough ](#walkthrough-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 coinmarket<a name="about-project"></a>

The coinmarket is an Web application for a company that provides commercial and scientific space travel services. The application will allow users to book rockets and join selected space missions.


## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

- HTML
- JS
- CSS
- React
- Redux Toolkit (RTK)

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  - HTML5<br>
  - JS<br>
  - CSS3<br>
  - React.js<br>
  - Redux.js<br>
  - Jest.js
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
    - Null
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
    - Null
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Coinmarket using React and Redux**
- **Client-side routing using React Router V6**
- **Gitflow is used correctly**
- **Work is documented in a professional manner**
- **Following best practices for HTML, CSS, JS**

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>


🚀 Live demo of this project [here](https://mrcbq.github.io/coinmarket/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

- A web browser
- A code editor
- A terminal

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/mrcbq/coinmarket.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd coinmarket
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project on the webpack dev server, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm start
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


```sh
  npm test
```

### Deployment

```sh
  npm run deploy
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Marco Baquero

- GitHub: [@mrcbq](https://github.com/mrcbq)
- Twitter: [@mrcbq](https://twitter.com/mrcbq)
- LinkedIn: [mrcbq](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrcbq/)


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add More sections 👌**
- **Add More Functionalities 😎**

## Walkthrough <a name="walkthrough"></a>

In this project, we will be copying a given web design using React, Redux, and API handling. The design will serve as a reference for implementing the user interface and interactions.
Please see the above sections if you want to copy and setup this project on your pc.

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, give it a ⭐️!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse for giving us the opportunity to learn and grow as developers and also we like to thank our families, they are all our support. 🌟

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update readme with video link

README.md, after:

<h1>Coinmarket</h1>

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 coinmarket](#-coinmarket)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#-live-demo-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [Walkthrough ](#walkthrough-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 coinmarket<a name="about-project"></a>

The Coinmarket is a web application that displays information about the top 100 cryptocurrencies in the world. The application shows the top 100 and allows users to select a cryptocurrency to view more information about it, such as Market Capitalization, price, price change in the last week, rank, and website.

It is based on the original design idea by Nelson Sakwa on Behance. You can find the original design at https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

- HTML
- JS
- CSS
- React
- Redux Toolkit (RTK)

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  - HTML5<br>
  - JS<br>
  - CSS3<br>
  - React.js<br>
  - Redux.js<br>
  - Jest.js
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
    - Null
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
    - Null
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Coinmarket using React and Redux**
- **Client-side routing using React Router V6**
- **Gitflow is used correctly**
- **Following best practices for HTML, CSS, JS**

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>


🚀 Live demo of this project [here](https://mrcbq.github.io/coinmarket/)

🚀 Video Info of this project [here](https://www.loom.com/share/279e68533eff49ba96d9cff99fea06fe?sid=9782b2e3-434e-4784-b360-113ba015f086)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

- A web browser
- A code editor
- A terminal

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  git clone https://github.com/mrcbq/coinmarket.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd coinmarket
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project on the webpack dev server, execute the following command:

```sh
  npm start
```

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:


```sh
  npm test
```

### Deployment

```sh
  npm run deploy
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Marco Baquero

- GitHub: [@mrcbq](https://github.com/mrcbq)
- Twitter: [@mrcbq](https://twitter.com/mrcbq)
- LinkedIn: [mrcbq](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mrcbq/)


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add More sections 👌**
- **Add More Functionalities 😎**

## Walkthrough <a name="walkthrough"></a>

In this project, we will be copying a given web design using React, Redux, and API handling. The design will serve as a reference for implementing the user interface and interactions.
Please see the above sections if you want to copy and setup this project on your pc.

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, give it a ⭐️!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse for giving us the opportunity to learn and grow as developers and also we like to thank our families, they are all our support. 🌟

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
